hey what's going on guys it's booze
tasty here and today I'm going to do a
full unboxing of the BM 700 microphone
so this is almost like a real unboxing
since I have already unboxed and just
let me just put the contents back in the
box so in terms of the box itself it's
not really exciting just comes in a
plain brown box with no images or
information on the sides but I'll go
ahead and start with the unboxing anyway
so the very first thing you get is a XLR
- 3.5 millimeter jack and in the title
of this microphone it does sound a bit
misleading MacLean says is it is a
condenser microphone and usually
condenser microphones require phantom
power base requires no phantom power
whatsoever you just simply plug it the
extra line into the microphone and then
you just simply plug the 3.5 millimeter
jack into your PC or laptop so it's
pretty much just plug and play so the
next thing you get in the Box is a shock
mount which will simply score on a
microphone boom pole or tripod and this
simply stops any ground nor is any
shaking or anything like that so that's
pretty useful you also get a massive
massive windshield or pop filter which
Navy slides on top of the microphone you
also get a very simple set of
instructions here which just tells you
about the finish mechanics panel
microphone the OMH and everything like
that the amps and kilowatts and of
course you get the microphone itself
which has got a koala weight to it
company's chief plastic bag here so
there's no branding on the mug from what
so it's just pretty much plain as you as
I've mentioned before it looks like the
isk BM 700 and that's pretty much what
you get in the box
as you can see so I will be doing a
microphone test or a test review of the
actual microphone itself and it should
pretty much turn out well this is going
to be replacing the fact I'll just use
my ipad choc top choice in my other
showed in my previous videos I use quite
a range of microphones I use a dynamic
microphone which is quite inexpensive I
also use
the Plantronics gaming headset I also
used the internal microphone of the
camera so you can serve a load of
microphone or in terms of audio capture
devices I actually use so those are
definitely be doing a microphone test of
the satchel microphone I'm gonna be
doing a full-on test with it set up
right next to me so stay tuned for that
so no advise this will boost H do you
hear take care I'll see you next video
bye for now